Hello, I am Devaranjan Das. You are listening to
Sanchaya Barta, today I am back to you after a long time.
A new reason has come to you.
A magical event has happened in the world of health insurance. The
name of that product is ICICI
Lombard Elevens. This is a product that
ICICI Lombard has brought through which
you can customize the product as you wish. That is,
how much money you will take in Sum Assured depends entirely on you.
Earlier, different companies used to say that there were
various limitations of Rs. 1 crore, 1.5 crore and 50 lakhs. In
ICL Number Eleven, there will be
no limitation on Sum Assured. That is, you
can take any amount of Sum Assured. That is, you can go to
any hospital across the country and get 100
percent claim as often as you want. And
what is included in this Jump Start benefit?
You will see that today,
if you look at 100 people,
you will see that 70% of them do not have any
problem with asthma or
have high blood sugar.  No or does he have blood pressure
or cholesterol or obesity problems?
Those who have such problems can claim
through this policy after waiting for only 30 days,
which in previous
companies had to wait for one year, two years, three years
or four years or there
was a waiting period. Power Booster.
You must have heard about Power Booster in previous companies. No company gave more than 10%, 5%, 20%, 50%, 100%
bonus. Here there is no
limit to your bonus. You
can get unlimited bonus. Whether you claim or not,
every year 100% bonus will be added to you. In the
cumulative process, if you
claim, you will get bonus. If you do not claim, you will
get bonus. Now tell me, is it a magic?
The name of this product is ICI
number 118. There is another benefit in this
policy, that is, unlimited reset
benefit. That is, you have a policy
that has spent so much, the second time
another.  The claim is that you have this much
balance, there the company is
refilling you again or deciding to refill it, you will get
this as many times as you need in a year, you will
get this unlimited reset benefit after your through out, you will
get it here and there is no limit for road ambulance,
air ambulance, you
can get this kind of infinite benefit up to your summation,
this
ICICI number 11 product has many such infinite benefits, to know
more about this product, to
know more about it, to
organize or do your health business in your own way, you will
definitely contact us,
everything is given in the description link below,
our contact details are
given, you can contact us
anytime, in any way,
greetings, thank you
[Music]